# Meeting Notes

## Dec 9, 2024, 3:30 pm  
**Scrum Master:** Vaibhav Thummar  <br>
**Meeting Notes:** Sajedabanu Patel  <br>
**Recorded by:** - Offline meeting <br>
**Venue:** EN2007 <br>
**Source:** <br>
**Time:** 03:30 pm to 04:00 pm NDT  <br>
**Attendance:** All team members  <br>

**Standing Agenda:**  
* Review Kanban board items
* Review Project All Documents

**Specific Agenda:**  
* Perform final test of Project
* Review the whole project

**Notes:**
* The team tested the project for the final time to perform all the unit tests again, QAing the all functionalities again, and performing games again.
* The team recorded working videos for Professor and TA to showcase project implementation.
* The team reviewed all the documentation such as Product file, Code Review files, Architecture, Process Model, User Stories, Performance Reviews, Attribution file, jsDocs, and code structure. 
* The team reviewed all the tasks on Kanban Board and performed necessary actions. 
* The team checked and confirmed Marking scheme for Sprint 3 and performed checklist to double-verify that everything is completed which are needed. 
* The team happily concluded the meeting as we successfully completed the whole project by implementing all the features, and following all the software engineering process.
* The team agreed that Sajeda will prepare README file after this meeting as we completed all the other items on time. 

## Dec 3, 2024, 2:30 pm  
**Scrum Master:** Syed Aaqil Abbas  <br>
**Meeting Notes:** Leonardo Eras  <br>
**Recorded by:** - Offline meeting <br>
**Venue:** EN2007 <br>
**Source:** <br>
**Time:** 02:30 pm to 03:15 pm NDT  <br>
**Attendance:** All team members  <br>

**Standing Agenda:**  
* Kanban board items
* Review on Marking Scheme for Sprint 3

**Specific Agenda:**  
* Review on Marking Scheme for Sprint 3
* Review on additional features pending for this sprint

**Notes:**
* The team reviewed the marking schema for sprint 3 to verify what we have, what's still missing and what can be done quickly.
* Review on changes on the architecture and process model files. (Architecture - changes to reflect a more clear model. Process model, changes to include code review process and sprint deadline)
* Everyone took a time to reflect on what's missing and to provide a new feature for this sprint (We have to add these to the Kanban):
* Below are the tasks that we assigned to the team-members by agree together: 

* Leonardo Eras: 
   - Existing Feature: Admin that can create a game. 
   - New feature: A speed mode setting for a simulation to run at faster than real time using historical stock data. 

* Vaibhav: 
   - Existing Feature: Declare a Winner at the end of game.
   - New Feature: Create history of transactions in a portfolio, also integrating Google's reCaptcha to improve the security.

* Sajedabanu: 
   - Existing Feature: Improve the GUI
   - New Feature: Graphical display of portfolio performance over the duration of the simulation

* Aaqil: 
   - Existing Feature: Display each players portfolio
   - New Feature: Improve Admin Dashboard by adding some more facilities that admin can only handle.

## Nov 21, 2024, 3:00 pm  
**Scrum Master:** Sajedabanu Patel  <br>
**Meeting Notes:** Vaibhav Thummar  <br>
**Recorded by:** - Offline Meeting after class <br>
**Venue:** EN2007 <br>
**Source:** <br>
**Time:** 03:00 pm to 03:15 pm NDT  <br>
**Attendance:** All team members  <br>

**Standing Agenda:**  
* Team feedback for the previous sprint should be available. Review the feedback and discuss changes in your current sprint activities needed to respond to his feedback.

**Specific Agenda:**  
* Sprint Feedback Discussion: Identifying Areas for Improvement
* Clarification on Final PR Deadline with the Professor

**Notes:**
* The team reviewed feedback from Sprint 2 thoroughly.
* Members analyzed areas of improvement and acknowledged mistakes made during the previous sprint.
* A focused discussion was held on feedback from Sprint 2 to align the team's efforts with project goals.
* The team discussed the confusion surrounding the final PR deadline and decided to seek clarification from the professor to ensure alignment with the submission requirements.
* A query was prepared regarding the exact date and expectations for the final PR submission to avoid any miscommunication or delays.


## Nov 18, 2024, 10:00 am  
**Scrum Master:** Leonardo Eras  <br>
**Meeting Notes:** Syed Aaqil Abbas  <br>
**Recorded by:** - Leonardo Eras <br>
**Venue:** Google Meet  <br>
**Source:** Team Discussion<br>
**Time:** 10:00 am – 10:43 am NDT  <br>
**Attendance:** All team members  <br>

**Standing Agenda:**  
* Discussion of the code review process  
  - Decision made to review the process model  

**Specific Agenda:**  
* State of the project discussion  
* Brainstorming questions to ask the professor in the next class  
* Sprint 3 planning: Completing existing features  
* Discussions on new features and existing feature implementations  

**Notes:**  
* The team decided to focus on refining the process model during code reviews.  
* Current state of the project was reviewed to identify progress and roadblocks.  
* Key questions to address project challenges will be prepared for the next class session with the professor.  
* Sprint 3 will emphasize the completion of pending features from earlier sprints.  
* Discussions covered plans for implementing both new and existing features to align with the project timeline.  


## Nov 12, 2024, 03:00 pm
**Scrum Master:** Vaibhav Thummar <br>
**Meeting Notes** Sajedabanu Patel <br>
**Recorded by:** - Offline Meeting after class<br>
**Venue:** EN2007 <br>
**Source:** 
**Time:** 03:00 pm to 03:15 pm NDT<br>
**Attendance:** All team members<br> 

**Standing Agenda:**
* Discuss README file
* Kanban board review
  
**Specific Agenda:**
* Discuss Sprint 3 requirements
* Discuss new modifications to a process model 
  
**Notes**
* We discussed the submission of the README file for Sprint 2. We submitted README file at 12:00 am NDT on 7th November 2024 for Sprint 2 so we had a query whether it is acceptable or not. We asked Professor Brown the same, and he replied positively "yes, it should be acceptable.".
* We discussed Sprint 3 requirements and new features that Prof Brown has explained during the class. We concluded that we needed another meeting to discuss in detail and assign the features to the team-members.
* We also discussed new modifications of the process modal that are required on Sprint 3.
* We reviewed the Kanban board. 


## Nov 07, 2024, 10:30 am
**Scrum Master:** Syed Aaqil <br>
**Meeting Notes** Leonardo Eras <br>
**Recorded by:** - Offline Meeting  <br>
**Venue:** Engineering building main lobby <br>
**Source:** 
**Time:** 10:30 to 11:15 pm NDT<br>
**Attendance:** All team members<br> 

**Standing Agenda:**
* End-of-the-sprint reflection
* Kanban board review
  
**Specific Agenda:**
* Process model document updates, with new rules and agreements on the team's part
* Review on remaining tasks/features
* Review on deliverables
  
**Notes**
* Based on feedback provided by Prof today at 10:15 am, we discussed ideas on the end-of-sprint analysis. We decided to add our reflections on the ideas discussed. We have modified the *process_model.md* file accordingly. We also include now a new file called *sprint2_review.md* to further describe these ideas.
  * tldr; We added what works, what is not working, why this happened, and what changes we need to test for next sprint.
* We discussed the new changes for the *process_model.md* file. (More information on the file)
* Follow-up on the architectural changes needed: The architecture changes from what we had at the end of sprint 1 to accomodate a new library (Axios) and a more MVC approach.
* Follow-up on the implications of architecture changes. UMLs requiere modifications as well.
* Checking with the grading schema to see if there's somehting missing.


## Nov 05, 2024, 3:15 pm
**Scrum Master:** Sajedabanu Patel <br>
**Meeting Notes** Vaibhav Thummar <br>
**Recorded by:** - Offline Meeting  
**Venue:** After the Class <br>
**Source:** 
**Time:** 3:15 to 3:45 pm NDT<br>
**Attendance:** All team members<br> 

**Standing Agenda:**
* add an end-of-sprint performace review activity to your process mode
* Extended Pull Request Deadline
  
**Specific Agenda:**
* Separation of Part One Document
* Updates to Process Model and Architecture
* Defined Structure for Performance Review
  
**Notes**
* We extended the pull request deadline for Sprint from the original date (5th) to the 6th, following a team-wide discussion held after class.
* Based on feedback from our professor on Part 1, we agreed to separate the part1_document.md document to improve clarity and organization.
* The process model and architecture were modified to align with the marking schema feedback provided for Project Part 1.
* We decided that each team member will create an individual .md file, where they will provide reviews for every team member’s contributions.
* Sent a follow-up email today requesting a re-evaluation of our Project Part 1 marks.
* Added a new guideline to our process model: if a team member is assigned more than two features, they should create a branch specifically for each feature to maintain organization.

## Nov 04, 2024, 3:15 pm
**Scrum Master:** Leonardo Eras <br>
**Meeting Notes** Syed Aaqil Abbas <br>
**Recorded by:** - Offline Meeting  
**Venue:** After the Class <br>
**Source:** 
**Time:** 3:15 to 3:45 pm NDT<br>
**Attendance:** All team members<br> 

**Standing Agenda:**

* Merging and pull request (PR) discussions for the main branch.
* Testing of login and registration features.
* Review and feedback on each team member's feature implementation.

**Specific Agenda:**

* Progress and testing of login and registration functionality.
* Review of integration and compatibility between different features.

**Notes**

* Discussed current PRs for the main branch, with a focus on merging strategies to avoid conflicts.
* Team member shared updates on the development of login and registration features.
* Team member shared updates on the development of their features.
* Reviewed testing procedures for login and registration to ensure functionality and security.


## Oct 31, 2024, 3:00 pm
**Scrum Master:** Vaibhav Thummar <br>
**Meeting Notes** Leonardo Eras <br>
**Recorded by:** - Offline Meeting  
**Venue:** During the Class <br>
**Source:** 
**Time:** 3:00 to 3:15 pm NDT<br>
**Attendance:** All team members<br> 

**Standing Agenda:**

* Review Kanban board issues and discuss the queries.
* Decide upon deadlines for regular Pull requests and final pull request

**Specific Agenda:**

* Feedback from Prof Brown
* Discussion about the feedback

**Notes**

* We reviewed feedback on Project Part I on Thursday morning and asked Prof Brown about missing marks, we recieved additional feedback on deadlines for pull requests.
* Internal discussion on better management to include due date changes, emails sent, and any documentation to avoid missing marks again. The consensus is to write those changes both in the *README.md* and *meetingNotes.md* files whenever these occur to provide these changes and decisions to markers.
* Every UML is checked, waiting on merge.

## Oct 29, 2024, 3:00 pm
**Scrum Master:** Syed Aaquil Abbas <br>
**Meeting Notes** Sajedabanu Patel <br>
**Recorded by:** - Offline Meeting  
**Venue:** During the Class <br>
**Source:** 
**Time:** 3:00 to 3:15 pm NDT<br>
**Attendance:** All team members<br> 

**Standing Agenda:**

* Review Kanban board issues and discuss the queries.
* Discuss Session Management query.
* Review UML diagram.
* Followup with team regarding "Login and Registration" features.

**Specific Agenda:**

* Consider: Will the project front-end use use client-side javascript? WIll the server-side HTML construction be affected?

**Notes**

* We reviewed Kanban Board open issues and we discussed the queries that Leo was facing.
* We discussed the "Session Management" query and asked to Prof Brown. Here is the detailed notes of our query/issue: [Issue #38](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/38)
* Each team-member submitted their assigned UML diagrams on Kanban Board and sent for the team review. So team agreed to review the UML design and add comments on respective issue.
* Here is the issue link for each team-member's UML design:
1. Sajeda: https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/15
2. Leo: https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/11
3. Vaibhav: https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/16
4. Aaquil: https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/17
* Team took followup with Leo regarding "Login and Registration" features. Leo said, the feature is implemented but the unit-test and jsdoc is remaining so once that completed, he will share detailed notes on Kanban issue.
* Team asked this question to Sajeda "Will the project front-end use use client-side javascript? WIll the server-side HTML construction be affected?" as Sajeda will handle the client-side js and frontend part. 
* Sajeda said that "Yes, we will use client-side javascript for Sprint 2 and no the server-side HTML construction will not be affected."
* Team also took followup with Prof Brown regarding Project Part I feedback (previous scrum meeting issue).


## Oct 24, 2024, 3:00
**Scrum Master:** Leonardo Eras <br>
**Meeting Notes** Vaibhav Thummar <br>
**Recorded by:** - Offline Meeting  
**Venue:** During the Class <br>
**Source:** 
**Time:** 3:00 to 3:25 pm NDT<br>
**Attendance:** All team members<br> 

**Standing Agenda:**

* Set a deadline for the pull request for project part 2.
* Review Kanban and discuss adding detailed information to it.
* Discuss problem with project part 1 markings.[Issue #33](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/33)
* [Issue #32](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/32)

**Specific Agenda:**

* Consider the part II marking scheme and adjust our sprint II objectives and planned activities/tasks if needed.

**Notes**

* We agreed to provide detailed descriptions of tasks and queries in the Kanban to ensure clarity.
* The role of Scrum master and note-taker will rotate in each meeting to share responsibility.
* We discussed the UML diagram of the project, ensuring it aligns with the structure.
* The pull request for the project structure was discussed and approved. [Issue #13](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/13)
* We decided that November 5th is the deadline for the pull request for project part 2.


## Oct 22, 2024, 10:45 am
**Scrum Master:** Sajedabanu Patel<br>
**Recorded by:** - Offline Meeting 
**Venue:** Engineering Faculty lobby <br>
**Source:** - 
**Time:** 10:45 to 11:05 am NDT<br>
**Attendance:** All team members<br> 

**Standing Agenda:**

* Review progress on assignment tasks (via Kanban)
* Review and discuss issues of project part II
* Task progress and issues

**Specific Agenda:** 

* Analyzing project structure.
* Assigning tasks for team members for this sprint.
* Open discussion on how database will be handled.

**Notes**

This scrum meeting was used to further discuss any doubt we have about what is expected from the team for sprint 2. We also discussed design module task and distributed tasks. Sajeda will handle Kanban task assignments this time.

Leonardo created on his branch an early project structure, pending for approval. [Issue #13](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/13)

Below are the design module that each team member will do: 
1. Sajeda Patel:
   * any other features (e.g. GUI front end) to produce a working game. [Issue #24](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/24)
3. Vaibhav Thummar:
   * declare a winner at the end of the game. [Issue #21](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/21)
   * maintain player login and profile information. [Issue #22](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/22)
5. Leonardo Eras:
   * register players for the game simulation. [Issue #12](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/12)
   * provide all players a starting cash account in their simulation portfolio. [Issue #18](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/18)
6. Aaquil Abbas:
   * allow player buy and sell actions at the current NYSE prices. [Issue #19](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/19)
   * keep track of each player’s portfolio and its value. [Issue #20](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/20)

Sajeda will handle all front-end designs as they appear during the implementation of the features. <br>
UML designs tasks still pending. <br>
[Issue #10](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/10)
[Issue #14](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/14)
[Issue #15](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/15)
[Issue #16](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/16)
[Issue #17](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/17)

Because of the complexity of the following feature [*admin users that can create games*](https://github.com/CS6905F24/term-project-teamh/issues/23) is not that well understood yet, it will be further discussed next meeting.


## Oct 22, 2024, 10 am
**Scrum Master:** Sajedabanu Patel<br>
**Recorded by:** Offline Meeting 
**Venue:** Prof Brown's office<br>
**Source:** - 
**Time:** 10:00 to 10:30 am NDT<br>
**Attendance:** All team members<br>

**Summary**
Discussion inside Prof. Brown's office clarifying some issues that arose during last meeting (refer to the Oct 14 meeting notes). The most important questions were about issues relating the data management during a game simulation, database implementation features, and what is expected for the end of sprint 2.

**Standing Agenda:**

* Review progress on assignment tasks (via Kanban)
* Review and discuss issues of project part II (directly with professor)
* Task progress and issues

**Specific Agenda:** 

* Discussion on Project Part 2, showcasing low definition prototypes of UI designs.
* A better understanding on the flow of events for a simulation game.
* **Issue -** How can we handle data from players if we don't have a server dedicated for the database/project.
* Handling historical data of transactions inside a game.
* How to manage stock market terminology.
* How to manage features that could be implemented while working on the project part 2.


## Oct 14, 2024
**Scrum Master:** Syed Aaqil Abbas<br>
**Recorded by:** Sajedabanu Patel<br>   
**Venue:** Google Meet<br>
**Source:** <br> 
* Part 1: https://www.loom.com/share/26a1e670753a42709cd6b5f6e5d5dd2d<br>
* Part 2: https://www.loom.com/share/20aa5c8b5ab24b2eac694064da7619c2<br>

**Time:** 12:00 pm to 12:30 pm NDT<br>
**Attendance:** All team members<br> 

**Standing Agenda:**

* Review progress on assignment tasks (via Kanban)
* Review and discuss issues of assignment 4/5 and project part II (via issue tracker)
* Task progress and issues

**Specific Agenda:** 

* Discussion on Project Part 2
* Distribution of Project Part 2 features among the four team members
* Distrbute design topics among the team
* Sprint backlog construction and task assignments for each member
* Pull request approval process and deadline for the sprint

**Notes**

We discussed all the notes of project part 2 and during that, we came across the below queries as a issue:
1. Do we need to implement all the eight features that are mentioned in the notes?
2. Do we have any in-built module or library that we can directly use and modify according to our project?
3. Do we also need to showcase front-end visual output for the above features?
4. Need to confirm: Do we need to design UML Sequence Diagram for each feature?

As we have the above queries (issues) so we decided to discuss first with the Professor on our next lecture and then we will distribute features in our next scrum meeting.
We also discussed design module task and distributed amongst the team. 

Below are the design module that each team member will do: 
1. Sajeda Patel:
   * admin users that can create games
3. Vaibhav Thummar:
   *  keep track of each player's portfolio and its value
5. Leonardo Eras:
   * register players for the game simulation
   * allow player buy and sell actions at the current NYSE prices
6. Aaquil Abbas:
   * maintain player login and profile information

So we concluded that we will have another scrum meeting to distribute the features.      

## Oct 08, 2024
**Scrum Master:** Vaibhav Thummar<br>
**Recorded by:** Leonardo Eras<br> 
**Meeting Notes** Leonardo Eras<br>
**Venue:** Online environment (Google Meets)<br>  
**Source:** [https://www.loom.com/share/84f42531c198468f969e7a30937540e9](https://www.loom.com/share/3f2831cd424343d984b7cc9a566b6958) (Audio from teammates not recorderd due to audio output to earphones)<br>  
**Time:** 11:00 - 11:30 NDT<br>  
**Attendance:** All team members<br>

**Standing Agenda:**
* Kanban Review
* Updates on each ones' work
* Review on finished work, pending approval

**Specific Agenda**
* Tools for Assignment 4-5

**Assignment 4-5**

For this task we have to build our own version of database management for contacts app.
* Sajeda Patel: MongoDB
* Vaibhav Thummar: SQLite3
* Leonardo Eras: Filesystem (JSON)
* Aaquil Saabbas: Filesystem (CSV)

## Oct 04, 2024
**Scrum Master:** Leonardo Eras<br>
**Meeting Notes** Vaibhav Thummar<br>
**Recorded by:** Leonardo Eras<br> 
**Venue:** Online environment (Google Meets)<br>  
**Source:** https://www.loom.com/share/84f42531c198468f969e7a30937540e9<br>  
**Time:** 16:00 - 16:30 NDT<br>  
**Attendance:** All team members<br>  

**Standing Agenda:**

* Kanban Review
* Updates on each ones' work
* Review on finished work, pending approval

**Specific Agenda:** 

* Details on Pull Request approval process
* Uniting all under a same file with Google Docs


**Proposal: Stock Trading Simulation Game (by Syed Aaqil Abbas)**
This project involves building a stock trading simulation web application where players use an initial cash balance to buy and sell stocks based on real-time NYSE prices. The aim is to maximize portfolio value by the end of the game. Players can view their portfolio, make strategic trading decisions, and, if enabled, compare their performance with others. The player with the highest portfolio value at the conclusion is declared the winner.

Admins can manage the simulation by registering players, creating customizable games, setting trading rules, and monitoring activities through a dashboard.

**Design and Implementation Plans:**
For our project, we’ve created a document called design.md, which covers both the proposed architecture and the coding tools we’ll be using as we move forward. We’ve broken this document into two main sections: Architecture and Tools and Packages.

**Architecture:**
My teammate Sajeda is handling this part. She’s starting with the basic web framework architecture diagram provided in class, but will be customizing it by replacing the generic module names with those that fit our project specifically. She may also add in any new ideas or modules we think are necessary as we move along.

**Tools and Packages:**
I, Vaibhav, am responsible for this section. I’ll list the tools and packages we expect to use in building the project. If we realize we need something additional later, I’ll update this document to reflect that and describe what we’re looking for.

We decided to divide the work for this assignment, and after discussing it as a team, I took on the task of focusing on the tools and technology while Sajeda is working on the architecture diagram.

**Process Model (by Leonardo Eras):**
This section outlines the process model that will guide the project lifecycle from inception through to completion. Our approach will ensure a structured and methodical development process, while remaining flexible to accommodate changes and improvements as needed.

## Sep 25, 2024
**Scrum Master:** Sajeda Patel<br>
**Recorded by:** Sajeda Patel<br>
**Meeting Notes** Sajeda Patel<br>
**Venue:** Online environment (Google Meets)<br>
**Source:** https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gWo6fCPdSYo0DSjnsLkiTrPUw4LuPu-fHJiM0TrPMTQ/edit?usp=sharing<br>
**Time:** 7:30 - 8:00 pm EST<br>
**Attendance:** All team members<br>

**Standing Agenda:**

* Kanban Review
* Updates on each ones' work
* Review on finished work, pending approval

**Specific Agenda:** 

* Project Part I Overview
* Task Distribution for Project Part I
* Assignment 3 Discussion
* Q&A and Queries
* Next Meeting Scheduling

**Task distribution**
* Proposal Document: Aaqil. His task is to prepare the proposal.md file covering project proposals.
* Design & Implementation Plans: Sajeda & Vaibhav. They both have to prepare the design.md file covering the architecture, tools, and implementation plan.
* Process Model & Methodology: Leo. He has to prepare the process_model.md file covering the sprint process model, meetings, source control, kanban board, and issue tracker.

SM has explained the summary and requirements of assignment 3. The team discussed how to accomplish assignment 3. The team double-confirmed the deadline of assignment 3.

**Questions during the meeting**
* Aaquil's Query: He asked what should be included in the proposal document. SM clarified the requirements, including a project description, features, and UI sketches.
* Vaibhav's Query: He asked about the process for merging branches for Assignment 3. SM provided a summary and explained how to merge into the main branch and individual branches.
* Leo's Query: Leo had a question regarding the project topic. SM suggested they confirm the topic with the professor for clarity.

**Planning**

Each team member assured that they would work together as a team and help each other where needed to successfully complete Part I before the deadline. The team planned to schedule another Scrum meeting on Tuesday.

**Next meeting**

The next Scrum meeting is scheduled for Tuesday to discuss progress and any pending issues.